she was the biggest star of the 2004
games
but when the competition ends where do
you go you gotta be kidding me
for bronze medalist hope and Gregory you
go home all of America talking about
your bronze I am a gold medalist
you don't want to with whoever I
want whenever I want with them so hard
I'll rip their tanks in half and or one
part of the tape and I'll lock it
bring my neck and the other half the
tail lock at your mom just shove a Prius
thank you hey you hope twitchy
yeah no one really cost me that anymore
in fact you were the only person that
that did it's different
oh really but that's still there so now
I see it have you thought any more about
working at the gym I'm not a coach I'm a
star I was I'm Dancing with the Stars
it's not called Dancing with the coaches
I'm gonna show you how to be judge me
keep to the right keep to the left not
on cue it's not a cute sell it to the
bitch-ass judges